Since you want to read Chinese classic works, I'd like to recommend *Journey to the West* to you.

*Journey to the West*, also known as *The Monkey King*, written by Wu Cheng'en in the 16th century, is one of "The Four Great Classical Novels of Chinese Literature". Aiming at appealing to all social groups, its languages are extremely humorous which obviously leave an irreplaceable impression the reader's hearts. Besides humor, what's also worth mentioning is the profound content. Not only does it show the significance of teamwork, but also the spirit of never giving up. Words fail to describe the demanding journey of the four,but they have been firmly pursuing their dreams and overcoming difficulties,leading to their success eventually. Without doubt, it's a classic that will only take a glance to be memorized. It serves as a reminder for us readers to be optimistic and strong-minded. Hopefully, you can get a deeper insight of Chinese cultures from it. 

---

Since you want to read Chinese classic works, I'd like to recommend *Journey to the West* to you. As a foreigner, you will definitely be fascinated by the magical world the book shows.

Generally speaking, it's the funny plot of the story, the strength of teamwork and the determination to fulfill dreams that endow the masterpiece with worldwide popularity. First of all, so interesting is the plot that I couldn't help when I first read. What's more,in the face of fighting against the monsters, the four heroes work in concerted, giving the team confidence and energy to win. What impressed me most is the spirit of persistence. Although obstacles always get in the way. they stick to the goal and finally achieve great success.

All in all, to have a real taste of Chinese culture, no way is better than reading this book. If you have any problems, don't hesitate to contact me. Looking forward to your reply. 

